This directory contains handy auxiliary programs:

adtrace/
	Makefile and source for the adtrace utility. This program is used
	in conjunction with the localnetMAC.pl perl script to compute the
	network address that compose the internal and extern nets that bro
	is monitoring. This program when run by itself just reads a pcap
	(tcpcump) file and writes out the src MAC, dst MAC, src IP, dst
	IP for each packet seen in the file. This output is processed by
	the localnetMAC.pl script during 'make install'.

bdcat/
	A utility for decrypting encrypted Bro log files.

binpac/
	A compiler for generating protocol analyzers from high-level,
	declarative specifications.  Used extensively for constructing
	Bro's protocol analyzers, but capable of stand-alone use for
	building analyzers outside of the Bro system.

broccoli/
	A C client library for interfacing programs with the Bro system.
	Enables sending and receiving of Bro values and events.

cf/
	Makefile and source for the "cf" utility.  cf reads lines from
	stdin and if the line begins with a number, then it assumes that
	the number corresponds to a Unix timestamp and replaces it with
	the corresponding local time in a readable format.  Useful for
	running on log files.  See cf/cf.man.txt for documentation.

contrib/
	Unsupported contributions to Bro.

hf/
	The main utility in this subdirectory is hf, which translates
	any dotted-quad (in text) appearing on stdin to the corresponding
	DNS hostname (via a PTR lookup) on stdout.

nftools/
	Utilities for dealing with Bro's custom file format for storing
	NetFlow records.  nfcollector reads NetFlow data from a socket
	and writes it in Bro's format.  ftwire2bro reads NetFlow "wire"
	format (e.g., as generated by a 'flow-export' directive) and writes
	it in Bro's format.

rst/
	Makefile and source for the rst utility. "rst" can be invoked by
	a Bro script to terminate an established TCP connection by forging
	RST tear-down packets.  See terminate_connection() in conn.bro.

scripts/
	A set of utility scripts for munching on Bro connection summaries.

	bro_logchk: orders and scans through FTP and HTTP logs
	host-grep: greps a summary file for a particular host's activities
	host-to-addrs: converts a hostname to a list of IP addresses
	hot-report: formats a summary file in a readable fashion
	ip-grep: returns a grep pattern for a given IP address
	mon-report: summarizes a particular host's activity
	mvlog: compresses and archives log files
